.TH DarkRadiant 1 2010-10-31
.ad l
.SH NAME
DarkRadiant \- the level editor for The Dark Mod
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBdarkradiant\ \fR[\ options\ ]\ \fIfilename
.SH DESCRIPTION
DarkRadiant is a level editor for The Dark Mod. It loads and saves
Doom 3-format *.map files, making use of assets within a game installation tree.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 6
.B --disable-sound
Disable the sound manager module. This may be useful if there are problems with
sound devices on the system.
.TP
.BI fs_game= game
Override the configured fs_game value.
.TP
.BI fs_game_base= game_base
Override the configured fs_game_base value.
.IP
In order to allow maximum customisability by after-market mods, the \fBid
software\fR game engines use a three-directory system: the
.I base
directory, which is where the core game assets are installed, and then two
mod-specific directories known as
.I fs_game
and
.IR fs_game_base .
The intention is that
.I fs_game_base
is used for the common mod assets, and
.I fs_game
is available for individual map authors to further customise assets used in
their own releases.
.IP
When editing Dark Mod missions, typically
.I fs_game_base
would be set to "darkmod", with
.I fs_game
either left blank or set to the value associated with a particular map author's
own release.
.IP
These values are normally configured in preferences, but they can be overridden
on the command line if required.
.TP
.I filename
Path to a map file to load. This may be either an absolute filesystem path, or a
mod-local path.
.SH BUGS
The lighting render mode is very limited compared to the Doom 3 rendering
system. In particular, there are no stencil shadows, foglights or any other
complex lighting effects.

It's too big and too slow.
.SH AUTHOR
.nh
DarkRadiant is developed by the Dark Mod team, at \fIhttp://www.thedarkmod.com
.hy
